=== 0.1.0 / 2012-01-19 [emboss]
* Slight refactoring in Asn1

=== 0.1.0 / 2012-01-19 [emboss]
* Add Asn1 class

=== 0.1.0 / 2012-01-14 [emboss]
* Adapt to changes in krypt-core
* Rename jkrypt to kryptcore

=== 0.1.0 / 2011-11-25 [emboss]
* fix Parser instantiation spec
* specify errors that are to be raised in specs 

=== 0.1.0 / 2011-11-21 [emboss]
* do not auto-close IO after parsing or error

=== 0.1.0 / 2011-11-21 [emboss]
* use ThreadContext for Ruby methods 

=== 0.1.0 / 2011-11-21 [emboss]
* Parser#next may also take Strings now

=== 0.1.0 / 2011-11-21 [emboss]
* All methods of Parser and Header have specs now
* Improved exception handling
* Ensure binary encoding for Header#value_io 
* Bug fixes

=== 0.1.0 / 2011-11-20 [emboss]
* Add Rspec specs for Parser and Header
* Bug fixes

=== 0.1.0 / 2011-11-20 [emboss]
* Add Rakefile and build.xml

=== 0.1.0 / 2011-11-19 [emboss]
* Expose Parser interface in Ruby

=== 0.1.0 / 2011-11-04 [emboss]
* Enable streaming encoding
* Allow streaming reading of chunked values, omitting intermediate headers.

=== 0.1.0 / 2011-11-02 [emboss]
* Add streaming support for infinite length values.
* Add classes to support encoding ASN.1 values from scratch.
* Add tests.
 
=== 0.1.0 / 2011-10-30 [emboss]
* Make Parser stateless and reusable.
* Support streaming for definite length values.

=== 0.1.0 / 2011-10-30 [emboss]
* Restrict maximum length of a definite value to Integer.MAX_VALUE, since
the size of a byte array is also bounded by this.

=== 0.1.0 / 2011-10-30 [emboss]
* Added support for complex tags.

=== 0.1.0 / 2011-10-29 [emboss]
* Improved tests.

=== 0.1.0 / 2011-10-29 [emboss]
* Minor improvements.

=== 0.1.0 / 2011-10-29 [emboss]
* Made tests green.

=== 0.1.0 / 2011-10-29 [emboss]
* First steps towards working implementation.

=== 0.1.0 / 2011-10-22 [emboss]
* Birth
